Little beast, don't you dare
The governor's men always seem to have low self-esteem
Those are all extraordinary and popular powerhouses
legend
The father of the headquarters lord is also contributing the real book
Now it seems to be true
Dad, dad, come and save me
Dad son
You wait.
Dad will save you right away
How did you escape from law enforcement?
I will send you to see the king of hell later
Will you
Hmph, don't think you saved your mother
I have no means to deal with you
I suggest you release my son now
What if you don't let it go?
That bastard
Immediately except for you
Yes
I'd rather watch this episode this time
What can I tell you about the abusive waste?
sword drawing
That's all
Victory